Software Meeting Minutes
====

2017-02-15

9:05 AM - Start

####Attendees:
* Giandre Acosta
* Maurice Barnett
* Joshua McMillan
* Garret Ross

###Team Meeting Summaries
* Assignments were distributed to team members: Maurice, Garret, and Giandre
* Optional Keypad and thoughts initial implementation were discussed


#####Software
* Software team had repo that had old code from clemsonMakerspace/CATS Repo on Git
* Software team repo is up to date and assignments were distributed

###Goals for This Week
#####Software
* Fix Eduroam so that it is accessible from an outside source/network
* Start implementing Optional keypad on the Raspberry Pi: Issue #87
  * More software code brainstorming for the Pi
* Garrett will continue to fix the code on Pull Request #104
  * Maurice will review the code and merge the PR
* Giandre will begin to research on how to create a form to modify(updating) user/machine on php web

###Web Admin
* Modifying(updating) an existing user & machine
* Graphing data
  * Histograms: heatmaps, most likely, will be implemented

#####Misc
* Team will research about Card Reader autofilling forms on web
* Optional Keypad - Two Factor Authentication
    * users have PIN in the SQL database
    * if the user doesn't want a PIN or use the keypad
    * put a -1 or boolean value for PIN value 
    * The value can then be changed in the web admin form, if they would like to.
    * Line #78 - #81 and #99 - #102 in keypad.py file describes keypad input
      * Take these into consideration when implementing optional keypad
    

9:55 AM - Adjourn
