Team Lead Meeting Minutes
2017-01-30
====

10:10 AM - Start

####Attendees:
* Giandre Acosta
* Brice Grooms
* Owen Phillips
		
###New Meeting Formats
* Meeting minutes will be kept at all future team meetings held by Giandre, Brice, and/or Owen
* Meeting agendas will be distributed for all future team meetings held by Giandre, Brice, and/or Owen

###Team Meeting Summaries
#####Hardware
* Housing is currently discussing options
* PCB will hopefully be ready to order Friday
	* Owen will check with A. Hoover regarding purchasing requirements
	* Design will feature parallel routes for SMD and TH components
	* Will feature headers instead of raw wiring
* HID Omnikey 5321 has been recommended, will be ordered by Owen
	* Brice will submit a link for the 5321
	* Hardware team has promised to take ownership of software change for 5321
#####Software
* Software is working to introduce new devs to code base
* Brad is making headway on web admin panel - should be ready for additional help by Wednesday
		
###Goals for This Week
#####Software
* Giandre and Owen will work to setup test env with mocks for libraries like RPi.GPIO
* Team members will take ownership of certain functions and write tests
* Refactor at a later date
* Eduroam will be tested on a Raspberry Pi this week

#####Hardware
* Hardware will create BOM prior to purchasing PCBs
* Waterproofing has been de-prioritized in order to focus on immediate needs

#####Misc
* Hardware and Software leaders will debate use of Neopixel vs Traditional LEDs and select one by Friday

###Management Discussion
* Teams will utilize Waffle to track action items
* Teams should have retrospectives / standups to discuss work completed throughout the week
* Meetings should serve a purpose, anyone not necessary for the discussion should be dismissed

11:00 AM - Adjourn
